>> Kadi Kraman: Let's make our own voting
screen a little bit more interesting.
I want to show you another
library that you can use,
which is a linear gradient library.
So a linear gradient
is an image consisting
a transition of between two or
more colors.
It's pretty popular in your eyes and
looks quite pretty.
So, we're going to add it
to our onboarding screen.
So, let's install Expo linear gradient.
>> Kadi Kraman: And I've added a couple
more greens, so let's copy these.
We've got an apple green and
a lime green, so
let's fit these in our theme file as well.
>> Kadi Kraman: And
let's open our onboarding screen.
And instead of this view, we can
actually pass in the linear gradient.
So this is the import or
export from exporting your gradient.
Give the styles as they are, but
we do need to define what colors
we're going to gradient between.
So let's add the colors.
So this will be an array,
and we can do color green.
>> Kadi Kraman: And
let's do the apple green.
>> Kadi Kraman: And the lime green.
>> Kadi Kraman: Okay and
we have a beautiful gradient.
Actually, so you can change the start and
end values of the linear gradient.
So we do start, so
start with x0 and y0 and
end with x1 and y1 and there you go so
we go from up to down so
you could play around with these so
if we do let's say 0.5.
So you could play around with these and
then do them diagonally etc so
this is just a nice little default.
And one thing that I was spotted here is
that our status spa, I don't think it
really goes with our app anymore
because we're gonna have dark contents.
I think a light status spa
would look nicer here and
we can use the status bar components.
So there's actually installed by
default in the types template so
you should have it already installed.
If you don't you can mpx expo
install the expo status bar but
basically in the screen
we'll do a status bar.
So this doesn't render anything but
you can define a status bar for
any screen that you want and
we'll do style, light.
So this will be the content,
so light content.
So if I do this,
the status bar goes to light and
you can actually define
many of these status bars.
They kind of collate between each other,
but you can have a status bar per screen.
So you can have a different color,
you can go from dark to light.
So now if I go to, let me in
the status bar actually goes to dark.